Junior Li Yufang
Ask the senior for the sword
What file?
You are risking your life.
What do you think?
Tolerance
peerless
That being the case
What are you waiting for?
Zuo Dharma Protector Chunyang
Right Law Protector One Front Law Protector Nine Punches
Back Protector Lingxiao
Meet the chef
Rich woman look
Rich woman
What are you doing?
Didn't you see it?
Kneel down to the young master
That's not possible.
I checked this kid
It's early son
How dare you question the identity of the young master
If not for the order of the ancestor
Save your life
Otherwise you are already a corpse
When you see my Sword Immortal Palace, the young manor is not afraid of you
Are you going to be my enemy?
Meet Shaofu